Introduction: The main focus of our project was to do an analysis of Twitter data regarding the use/gameplay of Pokemon Go and create a form of data visualization. We set out to explore the relationship between the number of people playing Pokemon Go and the number of people who are continuously tweeting about playing over the course of a month.

Methods: To gather our twitter data we made a python script that used twitters streaming API to stream the data as it arrives on twitter straight into a file that holds the data on our computer. We streamed only the tweets from #pokemongo. While the data was being streamed in it was given a user, tweet, and time tag. This was to help us parse the data. To parse the data we used Python, Bash and R scripts which took advantage of the tags given to the data to parse it accurately.

Findings:


Frequency Chart: 
Methods: This data was acquired from tweets streamed over the course of a month with use of a Python script to stream them and a Bash script to save them in a file and parse out the relevant time data.

Interpretation: From this chart we can conclude that PokemonGo Twitter activity is at it's highest during the evening times of day; peaking around 7:00 p.m. (19:00). Presumably due to a majority of Twitter users tweeting about PokemonGo becoming more active when there is more leisure time (after school, work, etc.).

Word Cloud:
Methods: To make this word cloud we used tweets streamed from twitter with the pokemongo hashtag. We then made an R script that parsed the tweets with a stop list and word transformation using the text mining package which was then made into a word cloud with the word cloud package.

Interpretation: From the word cloud we found that there is a unexpected high amount of Twitter activity surrounding PokemonGo and a cryptocurrency known as pkg token. We can assume that this cryptocurrency is in high demand even more when events are held. Also, there is a ton of activity regarding capturing shiny pokemon that are released at various Community Day events with PokemonGo.